groups: Rework documentation of permitted values. (#31910)
zulip/zulip: api_docs/group-setting-values.md

Omitting `old` is appropriate where the intent really is a new complete
list rather than an edit, for example in an integration that syncs the
list from an external source of truth.

## Permitted values

> Not every possible collection of groups is a valid configuration for a
> given group-settings value. For example, as a security hardening

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
Not every possible group-setting value is a valid configuration for a
given group-based setting. For example, as a security hardening
```

This way we're consistent that a group-settings value is a value, not a receptacle that takes a value. The receptacles that take this type of value are settings.
